README.md, before:

# Bike Shop

## Technologies and Features
-  Server Actions (NEXT.JS 13 Experimental Feature)
- Full Cart Functionality with Stripe
- Fully custom Integrated CMS with Role-based Authentication built into Supabase
- User, subscriber and role management
- Product Management ( stock, price, description, images, etc)
- Shipping Calculator Integration
- Sales Tax Calculator Integration
- Ads Management, Order Management, Business Reports, and more,
- Employee Chat

## Todos:
- use node-sales-tax for tax calculation
- use a shipping api for shipping calculation
- form submit should save overstock details to pendingOrder doc. 
- install next-intl and format the prices. Also use a country selector.
- complete the color and size selectior on the product page and add to context.
- format the product page to a horizontal layout
- update the admin project page with item-stock.
- provide user auth password reset option, a user photo, and delete account

## tags: 
- Next.js
- Supabase
- Stripe
- Tailwind CSS
- E-commerce
- CMS
- Application-UI

## future references: 
- Next-Intl: "https://next-intl-docs.vercel.app/docs/getting-started/app-router-client-components"
- sales-Tax: "https://www.npmjs.com/package/sales-tax"
-React Admin Dashboad ( Flowbite ) : https://flowbite.com/react-admin-dashboard-pro/preview/

Commit message:

updated type check in cart  context and cart Icon

README.md, after:

# Bike Shop

## Technologies and Features
-  Server Actions (NEXT.JS 13 Experimental Feature)
- Full Cart Functionality with Stripe
- Fully custom Integrated CMS with Role-based Authentication built into Supabase
- User, subscriber and role management
- Product Management ( stock, price, description, images, etc)
- Shipping Calculator Integration
- Sales Tax Calculator Integration
- Ads Management, Order Management, Business Reports, and more,
- Employee Chat

## Todos:
- use node-sales-tax for tax calculation
- use a shipping api for shipping calculation
- form submit should save overstock details to pendingOrder doc. 
- install next-intl and format the prices. Also use a country selector.
- complete the color and size selectior on the product page and add to context.
- format the product page to a horizontal layout
- update the admin project page with item-stock.
- provide user auth password reset option, a user photo, and delete account
- add a cookies notification with cookies adjustment to context (functional cookies)

## tags: 
- Next.js
- Supabase
- Stripe
- Tailwind CSS
- E-commerce
- CMS
- Application-UI

## future references: 
- Next-Intl: "https://next-intl-docs.vercel.app/docs/getting-started/app-router-client-components"
- sales-Tax: "https://www.npmjs.com/package/sales-tax"
-React Admin Dashboad ( Flowbite ) : https://flowbite.com/react-admin-dashboard-pro/preview/
